Integrate INSTALL.md with loopchain document. (#59)
icon-project/icon-service: INSTALL.md

## Installation

### Install third party tools

automake, pkg-config, libtool, leveldb, rabbitmq, openssl

### Setup RabbitMQ

> * Increase the number of file descriptors.

Author: Fixed

```bash
$ ulimit -S -n {value: int}
```

* Add the above command to the `rabbitmq-env.conf` file to run the command each time rabbitmq starts.
* You may find this file (/usr/local/etc/rabbitmq/rabbitmq-env.conf).

> * Recommended value is 2048 or more. (Local test case only)

Author: I do not know why you want to remove "(Local test case only").

> * Recommended value is 2048 or more. (Local test case only)

Reviewer: without specific test environment given, "local" does not have much meaning, and sounds irresponsible.

> * Recommended value is 2048 or more. (Local test case only)

Author: I got it.

* You may need to adjust this value depending on your infrastructure environment.

* start rabbitmq

```bash
# MacOS
$ brew services start rabbitmq
$ rabbitmqctl list_queues
```

```bash
# Ubuntu
$ sudo service rabbitmq-server start
$ sudo rabbitmqctl list_queues
```

* Enable rabbitmq web management

```bash
$ rabbitmq-plugins enable rabbitmq_management
```

### Setup virtualenv

* Check your python version

```bash
$ python3 -V
```

* Make virtual env and apply

```bash
$ virtualenv -p python3 ./venv
$ source ./venv/bin/activate
```

* Check virtual env python version

```bash
(venv) $ python -V
```

### Install ICON packages

If you have generated ssh key for github, you can install with below commands.
```bash
(venv) $ pip install git+ssh://git@github.com/icon-project/icon-service.git
(venv) $ pip install git+ssh://git@github.com/icon-project/icon-commons.git
(venv) $ pip install git+ssh://git@github.com/icon-project/icon-rpc-server.git
```

> Also, you can install with below commands too.

Author: Fixed it

```bash
(venv) $ pip install git+https://github.com/icon-project/icon-service.git
(venv) $ pip install git+https://github.com/icon-project/icon-commons.git
(venv) $ pip install git+https://github.com/icon-project/icon-rpc-server.git
```

> It is possible to install packages from pypi.org.

Author: Fixed it in a little different way

```bash
(venv) $ pip install iconservice
(venv) $ pip install iconcommons
(venv) $ pip install iconrpcserver
```

### Install loopchain from source

```bash
# Get loopchain source code from github.
(venv) $ git clone https://github.com/icon-project/loopchain.git
(venv) $ cd loopchain

# Generate gRPC code
(venv) $ ./generate_code.sh

(venv) $ mkdir -p resources/my_pki
(venv) $ cd resources/my_pki

# generate private key
(venv) $ openssl ecparam -genkey -name secp256k1 | openssl ec -aes-256-cbc -out my_private.pem
# generate public key
(venv) $ openssl ec -in my_private.pem -pubout -out my_public.pem

> # Password entered to create my_private.pem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Password entered to create my_private.pem.
```
```suggestion
# Store the password entered when creating my_private.pem in the env var
```

(venv) $ export PW_icon_dex={ENTER_MY_PASSWORD}
(venv) $ cd ../..
```

### Write channel_manage_data.json for private loopchain network

> * It is necessary to execute loopchain privately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It is required to allow only permissioned nodes to join the network.
```

Author: Fixed.

* Radiostation must have this file.
* Peer does not need this.
* It's quite simple.

Format

```json
{
  "[CHANNEL_NAME]": {
    "score_package": "score/icx",
    "peers": [
      {
        "peer_target": "[PEER_IP]:[PEER_PORT]"
      },
      ...
    ]
  },
  ...
}
```

Example for local test

```json
{
  "icon_dex": {
    "score_package": "score/icx",
    "peers": [
      {
        "peer_target": "[local_ip]:7100"
      },
      {
        "peer_target": "[local_ip]:7200"
      },
      {
        "peer_target": "[local_ip]:7300"
      },
      {
        "peer_target": "[local_ip]:7400"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

### Write genesis.json

Genesis block contents

```json
{
  "transaction_data": {
    "nid": "0xa",
    "accounts": [
      {
        "name": "god",
        "address": "hxebf3a409845cd09dcb5af31ed5be5e34e2af9433",
        "balance": "0x2961fff8ca4a62327800000"
      },
      {
        "name": "treasury",
        "address": "hx1000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
        "balance": "0x0"
      }
    ],

>     "message": "Any messages you want to record"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "message": "Any messages you want to record"
  }
}
```

```

## Execution

### Run loopchain as a RadioStation

* Radiostation uses TCP ports 7102 and 9002 by default.
* Make sure for every peer not to open ports that radiostation has already used.

```bash
(venv) $ ./loopchain.py rs
```

### Run loopchain as a Peer

* A peer consists of iconservice, loopchain and iconrpcserver components.
* Each component publishes and consumes messages via RabbitMQ.

```bash
(venv) $ iconservice start -c ./iconservice_config.json
(venv) $ ./loopchain.py peer -r {RADIOSTATION_IP:PORT} -o conf/{PEER_CONFIG}.json
(venv) $ iconrpcserver start -c ./iconrpcserver_config.json
```

### Stop

Refer to the shell script below.

```bash
#!/bin/bash
  
function stop_loopchain()
{
    OS=$(uname)
    if [ $OS == "Linux" ]; then
        kill $(ps aux | grep 'loop rs\|loop peer\|loopchain rest-rs\|loopchain channel' | grep -v grep | awk '{print $2}')
    else
        pgrep loop | xargs kill
    fi
}

> # Stop RadioStation and Peers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Stop loopchain on RadioStation and Peer
```

stop_loopchain

# Stop ICON Service
iconservice stop -c ./conf/iconservice_config.json

# Stop ICON RPC Server
iconrpcserver stop -c ./conf/iconrpcserver_config.json
```

### Clean Up (delete log / delete DB)

```bash
# Remove logs and storages of radiostation and ICON Service (scoreRootPath, stateDbRootPath)
# Each path can be found in configuration files.

(venv) $ rm -rf log/
(venv) $ rm -rf .storage_test/
(venv) $ rm -rf .storage/
```

### Example: Execute 1 RadioStation and 4 Peers on localhost

* Be careful about TCP server port collision among processes.
    - Peer, ICON RPC Server and RadioStation
* Each peer SHOULD use distinct paths to avoid overwriting data of other peers.
    - Data storage paths: scoreRootPath, stateDbRootPath, DEFAULT_STORAGE_PATH
    - Key files: public_path and private_path of each peer
    - Log files

> * We assume that channel_data.json and genesis.json have been already written at working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We assume that channel_data.json and genesis.json have been already created in the working directory.
```

* To make configuration files for each peer, refer to [Configuration Files](#configuration-files) section below.

```bash

> # Enter loopchain source directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Enter the loopchain source directory.
```

| Field | Type | Description |
|:------|------|:------------|
| log | dict | Refer to the [Configuration Files > ICON Service](#icon-service) section |
| channel | string | channel name to interact with loopchain |

> | amqpKey | string | used for part of a queue name of RabbitMQ |

Reviewer: can't get the meaning. any string value possibly duplicate is acceptable for amqpKey ?

Author: ICON Service component creates a named queue in rabbitmq.
And the name of the queue is made in the following rule: "IconScore.{channel}.{amqpKey}"
ex) channel = "icon_dex", amqpKey = "peer0", queue name = "IconScore.icon_dex.peer0"

If ICON RPC Server publishes a message to the named queue, ICON Service component consumes and processes the message. And then it returns the result to the ICON RPC Server.

Reviewer: In the example configuration file, the value seems the loopchain port number, so I was curious if the amqpKey must match the actual port number used or not. 
After looking further into this, it looks like the "channel" and "amqpKey" must match the values of  "LOOPCHAIN_DEFAULT_CHANNEL" and "AMQP_KEY" in the loopchain configuration file. If so, It would be much nicer to mention it. 

In the "Example: Execute 1 RadioStation and 4 Peers on localhost", what is a recommended configuration ? a) each peer has different channel and amqpKey, b) each has same channel and different amqpKey, c) each has same channel and amqpKey (maybe not)
